c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\obj\Debug\OdeToFood.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Tests.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Tests.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Contracts.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Core.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Data.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentValidation.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Core.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.Data.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\bin\Debug\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\obj\Debug\OdeToFood.Tests.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.Tests\obj\Debug\OdeToFood.Tests.pdb
