c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.dll.config
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\FluentValidation.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.Contracts.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.Core.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.Data.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.Core.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\OdeToFood.Data.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\FluentValidation.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\FluentValidation.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\de\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\es\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\fr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\it\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\ko\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\nl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\pl\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\pt\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\ru\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\sv\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\tr\FluentValidation.resources.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\obj\Debug\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\vbesedina\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OdeToFood\OdeToFood.BusinessLogic\bin\FluentValidation.Mvc.xml
